any Hospital anywhere sees both life and
death babies come into this world and
people depart it it's the regular pulse
of Medical Care
everywhere but few hospitals see as much
death and misery as alifa for alifa has
a different pulse it's the heartbeat of
Gaza so frequently battered by Israel's
bombs which shatter lives and limbs
this was 2009 Al jazer filmed a young
boy Atul Assad who'd nearly lost his leg
in the Israeli rocket strike that killed
his
mother I cannot forgive I cannot forgive
them for what they have done to me and
for killing my mother more than a decade
and countless air strikes later an
almost identical
scene Yan zahana cries in pain after an
attack on jabalia in 202 1 his mother
unlike aulas was still alive to comfort
him through many years of the Israeli
blockade alifa Medics have done what
they can for Palestinians despite often
lacking many of the supplies hospitals
can usually take for
granted we get our needs from in 2009
ala's director General described the
situation at the complex still as true
now as it was at the time this is a very
big concern to me and to the health
staff as well you know we are living in
in a Siege in in complete deprivation of
the simplest rights as a human being and
the simplest rights as
professionals a hospital has been on
this site since British rule and has
endured through the Arab Israeli Wars of
1948 1967 and
1973 but the war of 2023 is a conflict
the likes of which alifa and Gaza has
not seen before it's surrounded bombed
and cut off it can no longer treat
patients and there's no guarantee that
alifa or those using it for Sanctuary
Will Survive Rory challeng
aler